[gitlab] Disable repo permissions syncing if auth type is oauth (#51452)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/gitlab.md

}
```

> In this case, a user's OAuth token will be used to verify that user's access to repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, a user's OAuth token will be used to get a list of repositories that the user can access.
```
